DBCON-279: add docs for db connector minor release 1.10.0 (#1497)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: db/1.10/modules/ROOT/pages/database-documentation.adoc

| Parameter Types a| Array of <<ParameterType>> |  Allows you to optionally specify the type of one or more of the parameters in the query. If provided, you're not required to reference all of the parameters; but you cannot reference a parameter that is not present in the input values. |  |
| Input Parameters a| Object |  A map in which keys are the name of an input parameter to be set on the JDBC prepared statement. Each parameter should be referenced in the SQL text using a colon prefix (for example: where id = :myParamName)).  The map's values will contain the actual assignation for each parameter. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  The name of a variable to store the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  An expression to evaluate against the operation's output and store the expression outcome in the target variable |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output
[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Array of Object
|===

=== For Configurations
* <<config>>

=== Working with Pooling Profiles

> When working with pooling profiles and the *Select* operation, the connection remains open until the flow execution ends or the content of the streams are consumed completely, or if the connection is the transaction key. This behavior occurs because the resultset the operation generates can have a stream or be part of an ongoing transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with pooling profiles and the *Select* operation, the connection remains open until one of the following occurs:

* The flow execution ends 
* The content of the streams are consumed completely
* The connection is the transaction key. 

This behavior occurs because the result set the operation generates can have a stream or be part of an ongoing transaction.
```

| Max Wait a| Number | The amount of time a client trying to obtain a connection waits for it to be acquired when the pool is exhausted. Setting this value to zero (default) means wait indefinitely. This is equivalent to `checkoutTimeout` and cannot be overridden in additional-properties. | `0` |
| Max Wait Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS | A #maxWait. | SECONDS |
| Max Idle Time a| Number | Determines how many seconds a connection can remain pooled but unused before being discarded. Setting this value to zero (default) means idle connections never expire. | `0` |
| Additional Properties a| Object |  A map in which keys are the name of a pooling profile configuration property. Does not support the use of expressions. These properties cannot be used to override any of the previously specified properties (like Max Pool Size or Min Pool Size), the main property prevails if an attempt is made to override it.  The map's values contain the actual assignation for each parameter. |  |

> | Max Statement a| Number | Defines the total number PreparedStatements a DataSource will cache. The pool destroys the least-recently-used PreparedStatement when it hits this limit. When set to 0 statement caching is turned off |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Statement a| Number | Defines the total number PreparedStatements a DataSource will cache. The pool destroys the least-recently-used PreparedStatement when it reaches the specified limit. When set to `0`, statement caching is turned off |  |
```

> | Test connection on checkout a| Boolean | Disables connection testing on checkout in order to improve performance. If set to `true`, an operation is performed at every connection checkout to verify that the connection is valid. A better choice is to verify connections periodically using c3p0.idleConnectionTestPeriod. In order to improve performance, set this property to `false`. | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Test connection on checkout a| Boolean | Disables connection testing on checkout to improve performance. If set to `true`, an operation is performed at every connection checkout to verify that the connection is valid. A better choice is to verify connections periodically using `c3p0.idleConnectionTestPeriod`. To improve performance, set this property to `false`. | `true` |
```
